The last part of the safety plan that we will
discuss is the Confirmation Measures section.
Confirmation measures check three things:
that our processes comply with the functional safety standard,
that their project execution is following the safety plan,
and that the design really does improve safety.
These measures are carried out by independent people who are not
involved in the design or implementation of the product.
The safety plan should describe what specific confirmation measures will be used.
The plan will also discuss who is responsible for
each measure in addition to how these measures will be carried out.
Confirmation measures help ensure that the people who design
the product and the people who review the design are independent.